2006-01-15: FreeEOS-2.0.0 has been released at
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=118417.  See
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/announcement-2.0.0.html for details
concerning the new release which implements a significantly faster iteration
procedure. 

2005-09-01: FreeEOS-1.6.0 has been released at
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=118417.  See
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/announcement-1.6.0.html for details
concerning the new release which implements a change in the adopted physical
constants for FreeEOS. 

2005-08-29: FreeEOS-1.5.0 has been released at
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=118417.  See
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/announcement-1.5.0.html for details
concerning the new release which implements the improved exchange treatment
discussed in Paper IV. 

2005-08-28: A research note entitled "The FreeEOS Code for Calculating the
Equation of State for Stellar Interiors IV: The Treatment of the Exchange
Effect" has been made available for download at
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/documentation.html.

2005-04-22: A research note entitled "The FreeEOS Code for Calculating the
Equation of State for Stellar Interiors III: The Treatment of the Coulomb
Correction" has been made available for download at
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/documentation.html.

2005-04-22: FreeEOS-1.4.0 has been released at
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=118417.  See
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/announcement-1.4.0.html for details
concerning the new release which implements the improved Coulomb treatment
discussed in Paper III. 

2005-02-21: FreeEOS-1.3.0 has been released at
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=118417.  See
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/announcement-1.3.0.html for details
concerning the new release which implements the improved Fermi-Dirac
integral approximations discussed in Paper I.

2005-02-20: FreeEOS-1.2.0 has been released at
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=118417.  See
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/announcement-1.2.0.html for details.

2005-02-01: The figures in the first and second research notes at
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/documentation.html have been upgraded with
improved line weight, colours, and especially fonts. The improved fonts in
the figures are a result of a recent upgrade to the CVS version of PLplot
(http://plplot.org), the scientific plotting package used to generate the
figures for these research notes.

2004-12-20: A research note entitled "The FreeEOS Code for Calculating the
Equation of State for Stellar Interiors II: Efficient Solution Using the
Equilibrium-Constant Approach" has been made available for download at
http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/documentation.html.

2004-10-14: A link to new documentation of the free_eos_test code is made
available at http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/documentation.html.

2004-10-09: A research note entitled "The FreeEOS Code for Calculating the
Equation of State for Stellar Interiors I: An Improved EFF-Style
Approximation for the Fermi-Dirac Integrals" has been made available for
download at http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/documentation.html.

2004-10-09: Establish http://freeeos.sourceforge.net/ for FreeEOS website.

2004-10-08: New autotools-based build system for the forthcoming release of
FreeEOS tested successfully on Linux, AIX, and Solaris. 

2004-09-17: FreeEOS-1.1.0 has been released at
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=118417. This is a
snapshot of my stable code base as of 2001-10-24. This release corresponds
to the version of my EOS code that has been used, for example, in "A Large
Stellar Evolution Database for Population Synthesis Studies. I. Scaled Solar
Models and Isochrones" (Pietrinferni et al. 2004 ApJ 612, 168). 

2004-09-09: Established the freeeos-general mailing list at
http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/freeeos-general. This is the
list you should subscribe to if you want to follow what is happening with
FreeEOS! 

2004-09-08: FreeEOS-1.0.0 has been released at
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=118417.  This is a
snapshot of my stable code base as of 2000-07-06 which was previously
released as
ftp://astroftp.phys.uvic.ca/pub/irwin/eos/code/eos_demo_fortran.tar.gz. This
release corresponds to the version of my EOS code that has been used, for
example, in "The Initial Helium Content of Galactic Globular Cluster Stars
from the R-Parameter: Comparison with the Cosmic Microwave Background
Constraint" (Cassisi, Salaris, and Irwin: 2003, ApJ 588, 862). 

2004-09-03: Registered FreeEOS project at SourceForge
(http://sourceforge.net/projects/freeeos/)
